Events (#213)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: x/payment/spec/docs.md

```

## Events
- [`NewPayForMessageEvent`](https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-app/pull/213/files#diff-1ce55bda42cf160deca2e5ea1f4382b65f3b689c7e00c88085d7ce219e77303dR17-R21)

> Emit an event that has the signer's address and the message size that he pays for

Author: Almost forget, I updated the docs, but I'm not sure I use the right description and the link.

> Emit an event that has the signer's address and the message size that he pays for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emit an event that has the signer's address and size of the message that is paid for.
```
nit pick on wording to be a bit broader. It could be any entity that is paying not necessarily a "he". I totally forgot to update the docs though, so thank you for remembering!

Author: that makes sense, thanks Evan!
